[Music]
gonna be a good day it's gonna be a good
day this is the start of your flow John
just in it
sorry life does for my subscribers while
the other side can we just talk about le
traffic Elliot I'm against the word and
I live in the heart of it so between
most of the hours of the day we cannot
leave basically I am meeting yesterday
Google Maps that is going to take an
hour so I left like an hour road is not
good I think it's a good hour for a
husband we just stop here sometimes yes
[Music]
I've never heard this song before we're
gonna be a good day I'm doing a club
someone's so at it she's in the tech
field and honestly you or someone who
has looked up to
that's like I was tech and I've always
been Kiki about it and it's like have a
lady out there crushing it who I look up
to and now I'm collaborating with her
about my glasses so insurance hi hi my
deceit in I I need you 2006 I am a
grandmother
oh my and you but you have like she
hates him to me didn't know you you
really have
and so we are shooting the Apple watch
yeah and then a like an iPhone 8 type
wish what happened I am adding blood on
something yeah
when I know I am and I just acted a lot
I was in New York I was there for like
nine days every day oh yes let me get up
there and I oh oh please I was in school
but honestly it's a fast not like you
would even think about that
I thought it's a positive reply mystery
and then you aren't even married okay
person I know I'm not fighting you're
here alright how to shoot your nephews
videos soonish it's penetrating the
[Music]
I need somebody the thing we've been
like getting into extreme sports in the
sense of throwing sour patch kids
and throwing food feeling good about
this one ah that's easy I got it
whoa wait what was it wasn't as high oh
my god
[Applause]
ah my Sara Sara hey you man the
last one that we did while it was kind
of unfortunate you kind of ruined it
looks like having video in this part oh
my god
and now I want to do the impossible I
want to do the Milano I'll try it
parking lot so I can try half Oh touch
me outside how about that
[Music]
training 101 nine
is this place real healing your Ruby
here I know definitely because Dante
where are we or are we in bath for Nia
yeah that's what yeah that's be your
thing keep that's downtown I'm not
moving to LA but every time I come back
here I am more pleasantly surprised
this goes an hour though it's just oh
it's stunning it's stunning it's
stunning I talk about the weather a lot
I know that's probably really annoying
but it is hard to deny a place that is
absolutely perfect at all times it was
pretty insane that I got to shoot with
GI Justine today
YouTube is very strange it's very up and
down sometimes you have good weeks
sometimes you don't have the best week
play when you get to collaborate and
when you get to work with these insanely
talented and amazing human beings
it just I don't know makes it all all
worth it it's pretty rad by the way I
just tripped over over this I was like
trying to be fancy for John's camera and
I just completely bit it and it was
embarrassing
I think you got a little bit as a
clitoris yeah you can see a little bit
right here
[Music]
guys I'm so clumsy
it's embarrassed you know the falls
young Siward never went anywhere and I
film is perfect
should we show them I think we should
all right and here's also clip of me
biting it in New York City
god I'm the worst
[Music]
[Applause]
it's exactly what I need right now
actually are you excited for this right
now
I couldn't finish all of it it was so
good it was support place has all of the
five
[Music]
this was lowkey very good hockey
it was high speed very good we here at
this like lovely little place with you
know restaurants and shops and I stumble
across what is that over there oh my
gosh
it's a sweet green I honestly I didn't
know there were sweet greens in
California I mean it makes sense though
in the last log you guys had a ton of
great suggestions for you type of stuff
that I'm going to share when I go to
Cuba I'm going to Cuba very very soon
it's super fun to read y'all suggestions
it's definitely going to be a very
exciting trip and so I'm going to keep
it pretty much straight straight from LA
and there's a few here they're like dang
Sarah you ever going to be back in New
York you just live a life on the road
the next couple months are pretty
chaotic they they are with travel and
honestly even before all this crazy
YouTube stuff started I was very adamant
about like investing in travel when I
was in college and you know I got to go
some to amazing places like Greece and
Iceland because I did work when I was in
college and pretty much every dime went
back into travel and camera gear and
stuff and so it's crazy that now I'm
doing all this you know insane travel
for my job why at the same time I have
sweaty mentioned how a lot of you guys
don't believe me but in the sense of
other things and events and being around
a ton of people do drain me I am
slightly an introvert and so travel does
wear on you guys very rarely do I just
travel to have fun or have a vacation
because I don't know how to take a
vacation so it's kind of a double-edged
sword where I never want to take a
vacation because I love you know to work
and stay busy and pursue different
opportunities but you keep going going
going going like that and you don't like
you're not in your home base for a
certain amount of time it does wear on
you so I'm gonna going to try to
you know over the next month just keep
keep a level head and hopefully I'm
going to get ahead so I can poster in
Cuba because here's a thing when you go
to Cuba you really don't have internet
I'm going with a group of people and
with a to companies Sony and Adorama so
they're there looking out for us and
we're going to have like an hour of
internet a day but yo girl who needs the
internet 24/7 I think I'm going to have
like withdrawals and it's going to be
tough but it's going to be good to be
back in the city for a little bit after
that I have some travel plans for even
the month of April but even now I'm like
maybe I need to scale back a little bit
so I can keep my sanity also make sure
to subscribe to the Jonathan Hill that's
skateboarding footage the skateboarding
footage though oh yeah don't don't you
have like a like a YouTube channel or
something I do that stuff love it John
Ellis is going to right now set all the
best ideas you can possibly find over on
great videos coming at your face coming
at your face so let me know if you like
this video hit the subscribe button down
below and if you have not yet if you're
like I need to stay up to date and Sara
post your videos you can press that Bell
button the bio the Bell button to the
right of the subscribe button you'll get
a notification whenever a video post
because I say Monday through Friday 8
p.m. Eastern Standard Time but I don't
always hit that exactly I'm trying I'm
trying you guys have the best day ever
have the best week ever I will talk to
you soon
stay peachy ok bye
[Music]
you